# 🗊 Content

The Alignment.ipynb file contains useful examples that demonstrate the proper usage of functions. If you are looking to understand how to utilize the functions, you can refer to the jupyter notebook. Below, you can also find a brief overview of the outputs generated by functions in the python files.


**1. ManhattanTourist:** This file contains `ManhattanTourist` function that returns the length of the longest path in the Manhattan Tourist Problem. 

**2. OutputLCS:** This file contains `OutputLCS` and `BackTracker` functions that can be to get the longest common subsequence of s and t, given two strings s and t.

**3. Longest Path DAG:** This file contains `LongestPathDAG` function that returns The length of a longest path in the corresponding graph, followed by a longest path as a sequence of space-separated node labels.

**4. GlobalAlignment:** This file contains `GlobalAlignment` and `Alignment` functions that can be used to get the maximum alignment score of two strings followed by an alignment achieving this maximum score.

**5. LocalAlignment:** This file contains `LocalAlignment` function that returns the maximum score of a local alignment of the strings, followed by a local alignment of these strings achieving the maximum score.

**6. EditDistance:** This file contains `EditDistance` function that returns the edit distance between two strings.

**7. FittingAlignment:** This file contains `FittingAlignment` function that returns the highest-scoring fitting alignment between v and w using the BLOSUM62 scoring table.

**8. OverlapAlignment:** This file contains `OverlapAlignment` function that returns the score of an optimal overlap alignment of v and w, followed by an alignment of a suffix v' of v and a prefix w' of w achieving this maximum score.

**9. AlignmentwithAffineGapPenalties:** This file contains `AffineGapPenalties` function that returns the maximum alignment score between v and w, followed by an alignment of v and w achieving this maximum score.

**10. MiddleEdge:** This file contains `MiddleEdge` function that returns the middle edge in the alignment graph.

**11. LinearSpaceAlignment:** This file contains `LinearSpaceAlignment` and `OutputLCS` functions that can be used to get the maximum alignment score of two corresponding strings, followed by an alignment achieving this maximum score.

**12. Greedy Sorting:** This file contains `GreedySorting` function that returns the sequence of permutations corresponding to applying GreedySorting to P, ending with the identity permutation.

**13. Breakpoints:** This file contains `Breakpoints` function that returns the number of breakpoints in this permutation.

**14. TwoBreakDistance:** This file contains `TwoBreakDistance` function that returns the 2-break distance d(P, Q).

**15. TwoBreakSorting:** This file contains `TwoBreakSorting` function that returns the sequence of genomes resulting from applying the shortest sequence of 2-breaks transforming one genome into the other.

**16. SharedKmers:** This file contains `SharedKmers` functions that can be used to get all k-mers shared by these strings, in the form of ordered pairs (x, y) corresponding to starting positions of these k-mers in the respective strings.

**17. ChromosomeToCycle:** This file contains `get_cycle` function that returns sequence nodes of integers between 1 and 2n resulting from applying ChromosomeToCycle to Chromosome.

**18. CycleToChromosome:** This file contains `get_chromosome` function that returns chromosome, Chromosome containing n synteny blocks resulting from applying CycleToChromosome to Nodes.

**19. GraphToGenome:** This file contains `GraphToGenome` function that returns genome P corresponding to the genome graph.
