# 🗊 Content

The Assembly.ipynb file contains useful examples that demonstrate the proper usage of functions. If you are looking to understand how to utilize the functions, you can refer to the jupyter notebook. Below, you can also find a brief overview of the outputs generated by functions in the python files.

**1. Composition:** This file contains the `composition` function that returns Composition$_k$(Text), where the k-mers are arranged in lexicographic order.

**2. PathToGenome:** This file contains the `PathToGenome` function that reconstructs the genome from its genome path.

**3. OverlapGraph:** This file contains `overlap_graph` and `get_graph` functions that can be used to get the overlap graph Overlap(Patterns), in the form of an adjacency list.

**4. DeBruijnGraph:** This file contains `build_debruijn_from_string`, `build_debruijn_from_kmers`, and `get_debruijn_graph` functions that can be used to get DeBruijnk(Text), in the form of an adjacency list.
  
**5. EularianCycle:** This file contains the `get_EulerianCycle` function that returns the Eulerian cycle in a corresponding graph.

**6. EulerianPath:** This file contains the `get_EulerianPath` function that returns an Eulerian path in a corresponding graph.

**7. EularianReconstruction:** This file contains the `StringReconstruction` function that returns string construction by finding an Eulerian path in the de Bruijn graph generated from reads (using Eulerian Cycles, De-Bruijn Graph, and PathToGenome).

**8. CircularString:** This file contains the `get_CircularString` function that returns the k-universal circular string.

**9. PairedReadsReconstruction:** This file contains the `get_PairedReconstruction` function that returns a string Text with (k, d)-mer composition equal to PairedReads (similar to `StringReconstruction` but this function uses paired reads).

**10. ContigGeneration:** This file contains the `get_Contig` function that returns all contigs in a corresponding de-Bruijn Graph.

**11. StringSpelledByGappedPatterns:** This file contains the `StringSpelledByGappedPatterns` function that returns a string Text of length $k + d + k + n - 1$ such that the $i-th$ (k, d)-mer in Text is equal to $(a_i|b_i)$ for $1 ≤ i ≤ n$ (if such a string exists).

**12. MaximalNonBranchingPaths:** This file contains the `MaximalNonBranchingPaths` function that returns the collection of all maximal nonbranching paths in a corresponding graph.


